It was a boring sunday.Alan decided to go out to get some fresh air 
then all of a sudden he gets a phone call from an unknown number...
Alan decided to lift up the call. "Hello?". He heard no response. "Hello?....Hello?".
Then all of a sudden he heard strange noises, it sounded like an interrogation. "Tell me where it is, or else...",
"Please- please dont kill me....i dont know, i honestly dont know....i got a family...plea-".
the suddenly Alan heard two gunshots and an intense yell from the guy. They must have butt-dialed him somehow,
but now Alan was a witness to something he wouldnt have guessed would happen.   

 
          This is where Alan started to feel that his secret is not secret anymore...
 The voice of the man who was shot dead is reminding Alan something......yeah it's the person who helped Alan to get the moonston(Moonstone helps the vampires to get stronger).
Now Alan know that someone knows that he is a vampire ,he called his brother "Aron it's me Alan, someone shot mark dead...and 
I heard they were looking for moonstone but mark kept his loyality he didn't utter a word where it is ." "What...? but who would want it unless they're vampire"  
"Well I think it's not only us .... there should be some other vampire's escaped from that cave" "Alan if they escaped they should reach us ...! If they're not approaching us 
they must have some other plan which makes a path to take revenge against the Firewood hills town, whatever meet me in the basketball court and yeah bring Venessa think it's time to her to know who we are" 
     After explaining Venessa entire senario it was hard to her to digest ,but clearly it's understandable for her to believe that firewood hills will be in danger if the other vampire's get that.
Alan was waiting for Venessa to speak weather she's ok to stay with him after knowing that he's vampire.... she simply asked"do you still feed on blood" and Alan's answer for that is "yes ,but not humans I feed on animal's"
He also said"we can't live in sunshine unless we have this blue saffaire ring and I'm 21 years old since 1864" she's speechless by listening to him....then Aron added "we have no end unless we are stabbed with wood in heart and also we can't touch vervain leaves it hurts US"
Venessa's expressions were not looking that satisfied.... Aron took on " Venessa it's hard to believe that your boyfriend,my brother belongs to vampire family but we are not leading the life which harms humans ,we got out of it...
and I believe you will trust us that we'el help the Firewood hills to get out of this ,all we need is your hand "
Venessa ,after a long gap " Well I'm in in rescuing Firewood hills , everything's fine but where is Moonstone?" Alan replied" It is safe in CSSOC locker , A member from CS, Mark heaver  has given a code to it and now he's dead ,we need someone great to crack CSSOC code lock "
Venessa eagerly asked " where's the CSSOC locker " "it's in campus , new block "replied Alan....The very next moment Alan answered venessa stabbed Alan with her wooden pen... Aron got escaped from her due to his sharp reflexes, 
all he remembered is Venessas eyes when she killed Alan they were as dark as vampire's eyes. He was in a shock that her brother girlfriend killed his brother for moonstone ... 
this question is revolving in his mind " WHO IS SHE..? "
 

